# homework-3

# Variables

The variable definition was based on the number of choices the user could have in terms of types of characters. In the case of this work, 12. All combinations of choice became a variable. Important to mention that all variables are string type. Below you see all the variables:

* Numbers only (n)
* Special characters only(s)
* Upper case only (u)
* Lower case only (l)
* Number + Scpec
* sn
* snl
* snlu
* sl
* su
* nl
* nu
* lu

# Conditional

With the variables, a conditional formula was created using "if"  and "else if." In the case the user chooses one type of character or other, the conditions target a different variable.

# Function

The primary function was created with a loop that goes through the variables according to the codition reflected by the boolean value when the user makes a choice (applying conditions explained before). 

The password is then created through a concatenation of the characters in the string variable. The choice of the characters happend with the function CharAt and Math.random. To choose the number of characters in the password, I used the variable usl (abreviattion of user lenght) that was generated by the prompt asking how many characters the user wants in the password.

The result of this function is sent throgh getElementById to a text area in the HTML document that displays the password to the user.

* function password(usl, characters) {
        var psd = "";
        for (var i = 0; i<usl; i++){
        psd += characters.charAt(Math.floor(Math.random() * characters.length));
        }
        return psd;
        }

# HTML

Two buttons and a text area are the main parts the HTML file. The first button triggers the prompt using the event onclick, the second button uses a function to copy to clipboard.


